and youtube talk guys clean there and
Welcome to another video and today
win we are here with another video
gta5 online for you and another video
that after the insane gaga and today
Geez, we're here, let's just give one
choose my old celebration here
continue to run nissan today's name
It's bmx suspense that's going to be kind.
like it was a trailer for de mx I'm
finding and from what I hear and read in the previous
there is even an old flying saucer in the
race and it will be very crazy
here with the guys of the beauty command alone
wait for one minute to start the
service
and let's go beauty guys it's already going
start here and we'll see how the
People get out of here in this bmx race.
then you already speak the name of who is
whoever dies is just to see him
has the flying saucer very crazy relief
same circuit let me start here
come there and let's see if in the good
here bmx
Look, the old man's getting on well here.
money as if it were a trailer the same
from bmx né
Let's see if it's really easy, right?
old man passing here over the buildings
our old man who madness old madness
Here the crowd is giving our has
To restore that I have already chipped
guys'm with this new live here that
clean gamer I had to do
a new live and that my such damage in
popular problems that I already had
explained in the other official gta video
but I'll explain this one back
and while I could not
Then play again with that mine.
another live
I bought a new life and come back
playing in this one for this is the reason
the level 5 beauty low finds
what
and let's you guys let's look at that old man
madness here passing the good here
We're in third show now, just here.
pedal now just get the file
try to spend here in the middle of the brig
nesic I was there good only that my
my health here will be at the limit not
I can not even run anymore I do not know if it's
because the low level that my health
is it reasonable or not?
Now let's start over there, I got it.
that old checkpoint
I think I'm going to give the name cold pretty
good looking, you betray if you pass
on top of buildings difficult parts and
everything else
although it is not so difficult, right?
our very crazy beach
look only air time here may be old or
no skills here actually to
I'm going to walk half a bike here.
even side
Look there, the peloton is waiting for you.
comrade litan pa
Look, just try the skateboard that
the checkpoint attack is still good
still well it looks to us that rain that old
show
I thought he was the mortal there but better.
of course not
Let's finish racing, just look at the crew.
our donor will wait for the bong there
I do not know what the brother said.
beauty's friend participated
Look how amazing, I just enjoy this
Race here was stop in we are
evolving a little in this account
Look, mateuzinho won here.
the lip of the gang bread
who participated in the race was the
mateuzinho, the judge is the system that
27th attack of dengue
rom 1 jorge 255 and the dinho wedge the galera
So study this you liked and the
race already know of your favorite book
videos were on the channel let us
comments there
and at most the daee's beauty of bread stands by
here a big hug and bye guys I went